Add mentoring notes for Dart Two Fer exercise (#1508)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/dart/exercises/two-fer/mentoring.md

### Reasonable solutions

> The most simple solution is to set the default value for the parameter to `"you"` and use string interpolation:

Reviewer: I would suggest rephrasing it to:

> to set the default value for an optional parameter

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) {
  return "One for $name, one for me.";
}
```

Solution using an expression-bodied method:

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) => "One for $name, one for me.";
```

### Common suggestions

- If they are using overloaded methods, suggest to use a single method with an 
[optional parameter][reference-optional-parameter].
- Instead of using an if-statement, suggest to use a single expression. This will force the student 
to remove any duplication in the code.

> - Suggest using [string interpolation][reference-string-interpolation] over string concatenation.

Reviewer: I would add, it is the recommended practice by the Dart development team or that it is a common practice within the Dart community.

- If they are using `null` as the default value, suggest to use `"you"` instead.
- It might be useful to suggest writing the `twofer` method as an 
[expression-bodied method][reference-expression-bodied-method] (also called arrow syntax or `=> expr`),
 as it is perfect for these kinds of small methods.

> - One one best practice is to avoid changing the value of the function parameters. This has the main

Reviewer: I made a typo in my suggestion, it should be `One best practice...`

### Reasonable solutions

The most simple solution is to set the default value for the parameter to `"you"` and use string interpolation:

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) {
  return "One for $name, one for me.";
}
```

Solution using an expression-bodied method:

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) => "One for $name, one for me.";
```

### Common suggestions

- If they are using overloaded methods, suggest to use a single method with an 
[optional parameter][reference-optional-parameter].
- Instead of using an if-statement, suggest to use a single expression. This will force the student 
to remove any duplication in the code.
- Suggest using [string interpolation][reference-string-interpolation] over string concatenation.
- If they are using `null` as the default value, suggest to use `"you"` instead.

> - Not everyone likes them, but it might be useful to suggest writing the `twofer` method as an 

Reviewer: I suggest dropping "Not everyone likes them, but".

> [expression-bodied method][reference-expression-bodied-method], as it is perfect for these kinds of 

Reviewer: I would at least include a note that these are using the arrow syntax as discussed in the [language tour of Dart](https://dart.dev/guides/language/language-tour#functions).

### Reasonable solutions

The most simple solution is to set the default value for the parameter to `"you"` and use string interpolation:

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) {
  return "One for $name, one for me.";
}
```

> As an alternative, one could use an expression-bodied method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Solution using an expression-bodied method:
```

```dart
String twofer([String name = "you"]) => "One for $name, one for me.";
```

> An alternative solution would be to use set the default value to `null` and use the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Solution which sets the default value to `null` and uses the 
```

[null-coalescing operator][reference-null-coalescing-operator]:

```dart
String twofer([String name = null]) {

>   return "One for ${name ?? "you"}, one for me.";

Reviewer 2: I suggest removing this entire solution altogether, as there is a common suggestion to set it to "you".

}
```

> As an alternative, one could use an expression-bodied method here too:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Solution with both a default value and an expression-bodied method:
```

```csharp
String twofer([String name = null]) => "One for ${name ?? "you"}, one for me.";
```

### Common suggestions

- If they are using overloaded methods, suggest to use a single method with an 
[optional parameter][reference-optional-parameter].
- Instead of using an if-statement, suggest to use a single expression. This will force the student 
to remove any duplication in the code.
- Suggest using [string interpolation][reference-string-interpolation] over string concatenation 

> approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - If they are using `null` as the default value, suggest to use `"you"` instead.

Reviewer 2: If you give this advice, it should be correct in the solutions up top. Remove the one solution that uses `null` as the default value.

> ### Talking Suggestions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Talking points
```

> - Many solutions re-assign the name parameter (e.g. `if (name == null) name = "you";`). While there 

Reviewer 2: This reads as a suggestion. Not a talking point.

Instead, "discuss immutability vs mutability" and expand on that.

Reviewer: I good way to rephrase this to to state something like:

> One one best practice is to avoid changing the value of the function parameters.

is technically nothing wrong with this, you could suggest not to re-use the parameter but instead 
introduce a new variable. This has the main benefit of keeping things immutable: by not overwriting 
the parameter value, you know its value on every single line in the method: namely its original 
value. This greatly helps in figuring out the state of a system.

> - Not everyone likes them, but it might be useful to suggest writing the `twofer` method as an 

Reviewer 2: This reads as a suggestion, not a talking point.
